add Fetch Prometheus metrics (#18895)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/molt/molt-fetch.md

### Metrics

By default, MOLT Fetch exports [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) metrics at `127.0.0.1:3030/metrics`. You can configure this endpoint with the `--metrics-listen-addr` [flag](#global-flags).

Cockroach Labs recommends monitoring the following metrics:

|              Metric Name              |                                                    Description                                                     |
|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `molt_fetch_num_tables`               | Number of tables that will be moved from the source.                                                               |
| `molt_fetch_num_task_errors`          | Number of errors encountered by the fetch task.                                                                    |
| `molt_fetch_overall_duration`         | Duration (in seconds) of the fetch task.                                                                           |

> | `molt_fetch_rows_exported`            | Number of rows that have been exported from a table (e.g., `molt_fetch_rows_exported{table="public.users"}`)       |
> | `molt_fetch_rows_imported`            | Number of rows that have been imported from a table (e.g., `molt_fetch_rows_imported{table="public.users"}`)       |
> | `molt_fetch_table_export_duration_ms` | Duration (in milliseconds) of a table's export (e.g., `molt_fetch_table_export_duration_ms{table="public.users"}`. |
> | `molt_fetch_table_import_duration_ms` | Duration (in milliseconds) of a table's import (e.g., `molt_fetch_table_import_duration_ms{table="public.users"}`. |

Reviewer: Missing matching parentheses. However, I prefer formatting as below:

```suggestion
| `molt_fetch_rows_exported`            | Number of rows that have been exported from a table. For example:<br>`molt_fetch_rows_exported{table="public.users"}` |
| `molt_fetch_rows_imported`            | Number of rows that have been imported from a table. For example:<br>`molt_fetch_rows_imported{table="public.users"}` |
| `molt_fetch_table_export_duration_ms` | Duration (in milliseconds) of a table's export. For example:<br>`molt_fetch_table_export_duration_ms{table="public.users"}` |
| `molt_fetch_table_import_duration_ms` | Duration (in milliseconds) of a table's import. For example:<br>`molt_fetch_table_import_duration_ms{table="public.users"}` |
```
